# Wk03

## SRS Elicitation
1. Drafted SRS Document (7 hours)
2. Defined Coding & Design Standards


3. Refined SRS Requirements (Simplified them a little). Keeping the following for reference:
    01. The system shall allow users to create Recipes consisting of Ingredients and instructions.
    02. The system shall allow users to create pre-planned Meals from existing Recipes and independent Ingredients.
    03. The system shall allow users to schedule pre-planned meals on the Calendar.
    04. The system shall require users to input the number of people eating a scheduled meal.
    05. The system shall allow users to add a Package at a given Store for a given Ingredient.
    06. The system shall require the user to input a specified quantity and price for a given package.
    07. The system shall ask users for a bridge conversion to aid the system convert between Package quantities and Recipe quantities.
    08. The system shall automatically calculate per-person Meal prices utilizing Package-Recipe conversions.
    09. The system shall automatically determine needed ingredients based on scheduled meals.
    10. The system shall automatically add needed ingredients to the shopping list.
    11. The system shall automatically divide the shopping list by store by needed ingredient’s best package price.
    12. The system shall allow users to manually move needed ingredients to a different store shopping list.
    13. The system shall allow users to mark needed ingredients as owned.
    14. The system shall automatically compute the subtotal per store in the shopping list.
    15. The system shall allow the user to input a grocery tax percentage.
    16. The system shall automatically calculate total cost per store in the shopping list using the grocery tax percentage.
    17. The system shall allow the user to view scheduled meals by Day, Week, and Month.
    18. The system shall allow users to add or remove stores.
    19. The system shall allow users to add or remove ingredient categories.
    20. The system shall allow users to sort Ingredients by category or alphabetically.
    21. The system shall allow users to sort Recipes by Meal Type, containing ingredient, or alphabetically.
    22. The system shall allow users to update scheduled meals. 
    23. The system shall provide cost analytics based on scheduled meals. 
    24. The system shall persist all user data locally.
    25. The system shall allow users to edit the details of existing Recipes and Ingredients.
    26. The system shall allow users to mark items on the shopping list as purchased

4. Defined a stakeholder: Julianna Johnson
